CASSANDRA-18185 Accumulate all `docs` PR (#2062)
apache/cassandra: doc/modules/cassandra/pages/operating/auditlogging.adoc

| ERROR | REQUEST_FAILURE
|===

== Availability and durability

NOTE: Unlike data, audit log entries are not replicated

For a given query, the corresponding audit entry is only stored on the coordinator node.
For example, an ``INSERT`` in a keyspace with replication factor of 3 will produce an audit entry on one node, the coordinator who handled the request, and not on the two other nodes.

> For this reason, and depending on compliance requirements you must meet, you have to make sure that audig logs are stored on a non-ephemeral storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this reason, and depending on compliance requirements you must meet, make sure that audit logs are stored on a non-ephemeral storage.
```

> You can achieve custom needs with <<archive_command>> option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can achieve custom needs with the <<archive_command>> option.
```

=== enabled

> Control wether audit logging is enabled or disabled (default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control whether audit logging is enabled or disabled (default).
```

Here is an example of such an override visible in Cassandra logs:
----
INFO  [main] <DATE TIME> BinLog.java:420 - Attempting to configure bin log: Path: /path/to/audit Roll cycle: TWO_HOURLY [...]
WARN  [main] <DATE TIME> SingleChronicleQueueBuilder.java:477 - Overriding roll cycle from TWO_HOURLY to FIVE_MINUTE
----

In order to change ``roll_cycle`` on a node, you have to:

1. Stop Cassandra
2. Move or offload all audit logs somewhere else (in a safe and durable location)
3. Restart Cassandra.
4. Check Cassandra logs
5. Make sure that audit log filenames under ``audit_logs_dir`` correspond to the new roll cycle.

=== block

The ``block`` option specifies whether audit logging should block writing or drop log records if the audit logging falls behind. Supported boolean values are ``true`` (default) or ``false``.

For example: ``block: false`` to drop records (e.g. if audit is used for troobleshooting)

> For regulatory compliance purpose, it's a good practice to explicitely set ``block: true`` to prevent any regression in case of future default value change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For regulatory compliance purposes, it's a good practice to explicitly set ``block: true`` to prevent any regression in case of future default value change.
```

=== max_queue_weight

The ``max_queue_weight`` option sets the maximum weight of in-memory queue for records waiting to be written to the file before blocking or dropping.  The option must be set to a positive value. The default value is 268435456, or 256 MiB.

For example, to change the default: ``max_queue_weight: 134217728 # 128 MiB``

=== max_log_size

The ``max_log_size`` option sets the maximum size of the rolled files to retain on disk before deleting the oldest file.  The option must be set to a positive value. The default is 17179869184, or 16 GiB.
For example, to change the default: ``max_log_size: 34359738368 # 32 GiB``

WARNING: ``max_log_size`` is ignored if ``archive_command`` option is set.

[[archive_command]]
=== archive_command

NOTE: If ``archive_command`` option is empty or unset (default), Cassandra uses a built-in DeletingArchiver that deletes the oldest files if ``max_log_size`` is reached.

The ``archive_command`` option sets the user-defined archive script to execute on rolled log files.
For example: ``archive_command: "/usr/local/bin/archiveit.sh %path"``

``%path`` is replaced with the absolute file path of the file being rolled.

> When using a user-defined script, Cassandra do **not** use the DeletingArchiver, so it's the responsability of the script to make any required cleanup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using a user-defined script, Cassandra does **not** use the DeletingArchiver, so it's the responsibility of the script to make any required cleanup.
```

Cassandra will call the user-defined script as soon as the log file is rolled. It means that Chronicle Queue's QueueFileShrinkManager will not be able to shrink the sparse log file because it's done asynchronously. In other words, all log files will have at least the size of the default block size (80 MiB), even if there are only a few KB of real data. Consequently, some warnings will appear in Cassandra system.log:

----
WARN  [main/queue~file~shrink~daemon] <DATE TIME> QueueFileShrinkManager.java:63 - Failed to shrink file as it exists no longer, file=/path/to/xxx.cq4
----

> TIP: Because Cassandra does not make use of Pretoucher, you can configure Chronicle Queue to shrink files synchronously -- i.e. as soon as the file is rolled -- with ``chronicle.queue.synchronousFileShrinking`` JVM properties. For instance, you can add the following line at the end of ``cassandra-env.sh``: ``JVM_OPTS="$JVM_OPTS -Dchronicle.queue.synchronousFileShrinking=true"``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: 
====
Because Cassandra does not make use of Pretoucher, you can configure Chronicle Queue to shrink files synchronously -- i.e. as soon as the file is rolled -- with `chronicle.queue.synchronousFileShrinking` JVM properties. For instance, you can add the following line at the end of `cassandra-env.sh`: `JVM_OPTS="$JVM_OPTS -Dchronicle.queue.synchronousFileShrinking=true"`
====

Reviewer 2: This does not render it correctly in IDEA. I left it unchanged.

Reviewer 3: Does it render correctly when generated? (that really is all we care about – i suspect thinking IDEA rendering helps traps us)
